Bicycles are a popular mode of transportation and
recreation, offering an eco-friendly and efficient
way to travel. They consist of a simple mechanical
design, typically featuring two wheels, a frame,
handlebars, pedals, and a chain-driven mechanism.
Bicycles are widely used for commuting, exercise,
and leisure, and they come in various types, such
as road bikes, mountain bikes, hybrid bikes, and
electric bikes, each tailored to specific terrains
and purposes. Their lightweight design and lack of
reliance on fossil fuels make them an environmentally
sustainable alternative to motorized vehicles.

In addition to their practical benefits, bicycles
contribute to physical and mental well-being. Regular
cycling improves cardiovascular health, strengthens
muscles, and enhances overall fitness. It is also a
low-impact activity, making it suitable for people of
all ages. Beyond health, bicycles foster a sense of
freedom and adventure, allowing riders to explore
their surroundings at their own pace. With the growing
emphasis on sustainable living and urban mobility,
bicycles continue to play a vital role in reducing
traffic congestion and promoting greener cities.